apologies uh we are just going to
interrupt nor OD there because uh we
want to take you to kanun outside the
hospital there that's uh we are
listening to the director general of the
Gaza Strip hospitals let's have a listen
to what he has to
say
department and the Gynecology
Department the occupation has
stormed the uh hospital and targeted the
hospital following the international
silence and following the massacres
committed by the occupation against the
hospitals particularly the Massac of the
Baptist
hospital and the world stayed silent
even after that the international
organizations and on top of which the
Red Cross and the World Health
Organization and the United Nations
during these periods of
sied didn't manage to do anything they
didn't manage to have a coordination we
asked them for coordination just to take
the premature babies and the wounded
babies 36 premature babies and other P
patients will not manage through the
organization to take them out of the
hospital and
we don't want forced relocation as has
done in the r hospital with the
occupation is SP
everyone Medical Teams and patient and
wounded everyone was
compulsory as to force the
hospital premature babies and other sick
people on the ventilators were under
total threat I repeat again and again
that as shifa medical complex is the
biggest Medical Institution in Gaza 650
patients are there 22 cases in intensive
care units 36 in incubators not less
than 400 Medical Teams not less than 200
2,000 of these place people and all of
them need medical care all of them need
to be safely
evacuated we held the occupation
responsible we held the occupation
fully
responsible regarding the lives of the
patient the medical teams and the
civilian displaced people inside a shifa
medical complex and we asked for a safe
evacuation via ambulances to the Arab
Republic of Egypt to be treated in the
Arab world and the Islamic world and to
guarantee their safety and their
security
we we urge fuel to be enter to the
ashifa complex and other hospitals fuel
is running out and the services will be
stopped completely in these places and
thank you very much indeed if you have
any
questions okay that was the uh press
statement to by the director general of
the uh Gaza Strip hospitals uh Dr
Muhammad zakut uh he was talking there
specifically about the latest situation
at the alifa hospital he said 650
patients there 22 of them in intensive
care uh and he urged that everyone there
needs to be
evacuated um and just describing the
diet needs of that hospital lack of fuel
the babies that uh are in that that need
to be in intensive care but uh have uh
because of lack of fuel lack of
electricity are not able to be in
intensive care